# Toyhou.se HTML Manager
Manages character profile content for HTML users

# Features
- Autogenerates inline style attributes from SASS stylesheets
- Supports multiple character profile templates
- Manage different character profiles for each template
- Preview autogenerated templates locally before putting them on Toyhou.se

# Warning
- Please note that this tool does not check if the styles you use will be blacklisted! (eg, if you try to use rgba colors, they will show up correctly in the preview, but you will not see them on the actual Toyhou.se profiles themselves).
- This tool may also alleviate some of the tedious work, but you still have to paste the final HTML into your Toyhou.se profiles yourself manually.
- This tool gives you a lot of freedom, so there is no particular way in which you must structure your templates or stylesheets (other than the minor issues with Toyhou.se not allowing fonts and other CSS related features). Or it's just untested. Feel free to submit an issue for that.
- We do not provide GUI frontends for this tool. But you're free to make your own.

# Setup
- Git clone this repo and run `npm install`.

# Creating Templates
- Run `npm run create {template}` where {template} is the name of the template you want to create.
- Folders for your template will be created in `src` and `profiles`. All the work you do to create and edit your template will go in `src`. Your profiles go in `profiles`. 

# Managing Profiles
- Each profile belongs to a template, and an HTML template will be generated for every profile you create.
- Profiles are .json files. You can give them pretty much any name you want. You can choose to just dump everything in one variable or choose to have an object for stats that you can feed to [EJS](http://ejs.co), which will generate a dynamic HTML template for you.

# Template Generation and Preview
- Once you have finished editing your template and providing one or more profiles, run `npm run generate {template}`.
- If you only need to generate the template for one profile, then run `npm run generate {template} {profile}` instead.
- This will generate the HTML template for all the profiles belonging to that template by compiling your SASS stylesheets into plain CSS, and then converting those styles into inline style attributes and filling in all the data from your profiles.
- Generated files are found under `dist/{template}`.
- A local preview is also generated for your profiles to check that everything looks relatively okay before you paste it into Toyhou.se. You can find the preview in the `view` folder of the generated template folder.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
